The DCU2OFX script is a little tool that copies DCU checking transaction from CSV format to OFX format similar to one of the formats DCU supported until recently. 

Most DCU member/depositors can get by without OFX files.  They either don't download DCU data at all, or they can use the CSV file that DCU delivers. There are a few members that would really benefit from having OFX files back again. If you are one of those, then DCU2OFX is for you.

DCU2OFX consists of a single powershell script, DCU2OFX.PS1, and a few supporting files. They all reside in a single directory (aka folder) created by the user and loaded with the distribution files.  

DCU2OFX.PS1 doesn't have any of the browsing features to select an input file that users are accustomed to.  It always reads input from file checking.csv located in the active directory.  This means that you have to put the downloaded CSV file from DCU in the correct folder or directory, and name it checking.csv, possibly overwriting a file that is already there.  It also puts its output in a specific file named checking.osv in the active directory.  You can then use this file with your PFM.

When you run DCU2OFX.PS1, it gives a welcome message, followed by a dialog to collect some missing data.  This is data that isn't in the CSV file, but will be used in the OFX file.  After that it runs, giving a few progress messages, until it says that it's done.  It doesn't have any error checking built in,  so you will have to read any error messages, and decide what to do next.

This script is not a real solution to the problem.  It's simply a quick and simple way to plug the current data into the old format.  The old format was derived from a sample transaction obtained from the DCU by Ric Werme (thanks Ric) and converted into three template files.  These three templates are driven by data in csv files to produce three parts of the output file: the header the transactions, and the trailer.  These three files are concatenated to form the output.  A real solution awaits action by the DCU.

In the meantime, I hope this helps afew of you.

Dave Cressey  4/18/22
